to make matters worse things start to
get a bit out of hand back home ginger
one of the middle ranking males in the
group is turned on initially just by the
older members but then by the others
he's attacked from all sides by snapping
jaws of his own family tragically for
ginger he probably isn't even the main
target the family's rough that is
reserved for new mum mousey and two
other females currently cowering under a
bush
sometimes families seem to be their own
worst enemy turning on and evicting
their own kith and kin yet this behavior
may be exactly what is needed to boost
the group's chances of success as
litters tend to have a greater survival
rate when there are just four or five
successful breeding females in a group
and therefore a manageable number of
pups the older members have turned
against the new female contenders
evictions are usually triggered by
established members of the group like
diva or Missy B the others then join in
keen to show their allegiance to the
others mousing and the other females
tried to get away but one of them is
pinned to the ground by the incessant
snapping of jaws
being only a small group their chances
of survival would be very slim if they
try to make it on their own their best
chance is to simply hang around in the
background and hope the tensions diffuse